Greek Boards
1 - Zeus - King of the gods, god of thunder and lightning
Zeus was recognized as the father of gods and humans. He regulated the celestial phenomena and defined the laws that govern people.
He held the lightning bolt with one hand and the scepter with the other, which had an eagle at the top.
He was known as the ‘Lord of Justice’. People respected and feared him at the same time.
He was taking care of the families, keeping vigil in the home of every mortal and protecting strangers and passers-by from evil.
Zeus' wife was the goddess Hera, to whom he was not always faithful. Greek mythology is full of love stories about Zeus,
who liked to transform himself into anything he could think of and mingle with other goddesses or mortals.

2 - Poseidon - God of the sea, earthquakes, and horses
Poseidon was one of the six children of Cronus and Rhea and brother of Zeus. He was allotted the kingdom of the sea but he was also
considered the god of horses and earthquakes. This is why he was called “the earth-shaker”. He rarely lived on Olympus,
preferring the depths of the ocean. He was sitting on a famous chariot drawn by immortal horses and holding in his hand the
famous trident, forged by the Cyclops. When Poseidon was angry, he plunged the trident into the sea and shook it whole from end to end.
The sailors prayed to Poseidon so that he spares them from his wrath.

3 - Hades - God of the underworld and riches
Hades was the brother of Zeus and Poseidon and the god of the Underworld. He was allotted this kingdom when the three brothers took
a draw to decide who will take each of three (heavens, sea and the Underworld). He liked to live in the dark and shadowed world of
the dead and was rarely seen on Olympus. This is why, although he is one of the most important gods, some lists do not include
him in the 12 Olympians. He was also known as Pluto. “Plutos” in Greek means wealth. The Earth is giving us a lot of treasures and
since Hades’ kingdom is underneath it, the ancient Greeks believed that he was the one delivering the wealth to them. They actually
preferred to call him Pluto because the name Hades was another name for the Underworld and they did not like the idea of death.
The entrance to the Underworld is guarded by a monstrous dog, Hades’ favorite pet, the three-headed Cerberus. In order for your soul
to cross the silent river, you need to pay the ferryman, Charon, to carry you to the other side on his boat.

4 - Hera - Queen of the gods, goddess of marriage and childbirth
Goddess Hera was the sister of Zeus, daughter of the Titans Cronus and Rhea, and at the same time Zeus’ wife. Hera symbolized and
protected the sacred institution of marriage. She blessed and helped the women in labor. Greek mythology presents Hera as a modest,
measured and faithful woman, but at the same time very jealous. There are almost no myths that refer exclusively to Hera.
Her name is almost always associated with the myths about Zeus. However, Hera does not present herself as a goddess submissive to
her sovereign husband. She had a strong female personality and she was the only one that dared to object to him.

5 - Ares - God of war and bloodshed
Ares, the god of war, was the son of the Greek gods Zeus and Hera. He was always followed by two of his faithful sons and followers,
the gods Deimos and Phobos. Ares was handsome and strong, young and well-armed. He loved war and battles so he was hated by people
and his worship was limited. Only in Sparta he was particularly worshipped and had a statue dedicated to him. Ares was tried,
according to tradition, for his many war crimes, in one of Athens’ hills, the Areopagus Hill, which later became the seat of the
criminal court of ancient Athens.

6 - Apollo - God of the sun, music, poetry, and prophecy
Apollo and Artemis were siblings, twins actually, children of Zeus and Leto, a Titan goddess. According to tradition, the two children
were born on the island of Delos. Apollo is one of the most important and complex Greek gods. He is the god of light, music and poetry,
healing and prophecy. He was the one that established the great Oracle of Delphi, which was considered the center of the ancient world.
He was the teacher of the nine Muses and when they sang he accompanied them with his famous lyre.

7 - Artemis - Goddess of the moon, hunting, and childbirth
Artemis, Apollo's twin sister, was the goddess of hunting, wild animals and the wilderness. She spent her time in the woods,
accompanied by the Nymphs, hunting, with her bow and arrows. She was a virgin goddess and protector of young girls. She was also
worshipped as one of the primary goddesses of childbirth and midwifery, relieving the women in labor from diseases. She was sometimes
associated with the goddess of the moon.

8 - Demeter - Goddess of agriculture, fertility, and the harvest
Demeter was the Greek goddess of agriculture and protected the trees, plants and grains. She was the first to make the earth
fruitful and taught people how to grow wheat, barley and other plants. Demeter is somewhat isolated from the twelve gods in
ancient myths and this is because she is an even more ancient goddess herself. The Greeks received her cult from the Pelasgians,
who originally lived in Greece. According to Greek mythology, Demeter’s daughter is mentioned as Persephone, who was once
abducted by God Hades and became his wife. The most sacred and secret religious rites of ancient Greece, the Eleusinian Mysteries,
were held in honor of Demeter.

9 - Aphrodite - Goddess of love, beauty, and sexuality
Aphrodite, the most beautiful among mortals and immortals, was born from the foam of the sea when Uranus’ blood fell on it after his
defeat by Cronus. This fact makes her the eldest among the Olympian Gods. Her name literally means “risen from the foam”.
Aphrodite was worshipped as the goddess of beauty and passion. She could inspire love in the hearts of men and women.
Most myths generally present Aphrodite as a vengeful woman. Aphrodite was worshiped in all parts of Greece and many priestesses
were serving her. According to Greek mythology, she married the god of fire and blacksmiths, Hephaestus, but she was in love with the
god of war, Ares, with whom she bared many children among which the winged god of love, Eros.

10 - Hephaestus - God of fire and metalworking
Hephaestus was the god of fire and blacksmiths. He was born ugly and that is why his mother, the goddess Hera, unable to nourish him,
threw him out of Olympus. Since then he has been limping. Hephaestus fell into the sea, where he was picked up by the Nereids and raised
by them. Growing up, he became a famous craftsman and set up his workshop on Mount Etna in Sicily. With his various metals, he made
works of art of incomparable beauty. He once made a golden throne and sent it to his mother Hera. As soon as Hera sat down,
invisible chains bound her without anyone being able to untie them. They tried to persuade Hephaestus, but they only succeeded after
they got him drunk first. Hephaestus, the god of fire, gave his name to the volcanoes in the Greek language. It was from him, that the
Titan Prometheus took the fire and gave it to the people. Hephaestus was also the one who built the brass and gold palaces of Olympus.

11 - Goddess Hestia - Goddess of the hearth and home
Hestia was the goddess of domestic life, home and hearth, the flame that kept a family’s home warm. She was the eldest daughter of
Cronus and Rhea, and the eldest sister of Zeus. In the middle of the ancient Greeks’ home, there was an altar in her honor.
The women of the house had as a responsibility to keep Hestia’s flame burning. The worship of Hestia was connected with the worship of
Zeus who protected the strangers-travelers. Goddess Hestia was the first to invent the construction of houses, taught it to people and
became the protector of family peace and happiness. She was always staying on Mount Olympus, keeping the sacred flame going.

12 - Athena - Goddess of wisdom, warfare, and crafts
Athena, according to Greek mythology, was the goddess of wisdom and strategic warfare. Athena was the beloved daughter of Zeus. Her
mother was the Titaness Metis, the first wife of Zeus. Zeus received a prophecy informing him that Metis would give birth to the child
who would overthrow his father. To escape the prophecy, Zeus swallowed Metis while she was pregnant in Athena. Later, Zeus began to
suffer from headaches and called on Hephaestus to help him. Hephaestus hit the head of Zeus with his hammer and Athena sprang out in
full armor. She is always pictured to be armed, never as a child, always a virgin. She won the battle for the patronage of Athens over
Poseidon. The Parthenon in Athens is the most famous temple dedicated to her. Protector of heroes and wisest among the Gods, Athena was
considered one of the most powerful and important Olympian Gods.

13 - Dionysus - God of wine, parties, and ecstasy
Although a demi-god, Dionysus managed to win the heart of the gods and his place on Mount Olympus! As a god of wine, viticulture
ritual madness and religious ecstasy, he was very beloved among the people and was considered a very important god. He was the son
of god Zeus and the mortal Semele. He was the patron god of theater and taught people how to make wine. The Athenians, to honor
Dionysus, held a famous celebration, characteristic of his merriment. Any use of force was prohibited during such holidays.

14 - Hermes - God of commerce, thieves, and travelers
Hermes was the god of wealth, trade, thieves and travelers. He was also known as the Messenger God, being the herald of the Olympians
and carrying messages between them. He was the son of Zeus and Maia, daughter of Titan Atlas. He was a clever, inventive and arrogant
god. As soon as he was born, Hermes saw a turtle. He took her shell, placed seven strings in it and invented the lyre. He once stole
the oxen guarded by god Apollo and locked them in a cave. He wouldn’t admit the theft, but in the end, he confessed.
To avoid punishment, he gifted the lyre to Apollo. Hermes wore winged sandals and held the caduceus, his wand which had
two serpents twined around it. He was the one who accompanied the souls of the dead to Hades and for that, he was known as the
“soul-bearer”.

objects -
Caduceus - The caduceus is a symbol often associated with Hermes. It is a staff with two serpents wrapped around it and wings at the top. In Greek mythology, the caduceus was a magical staff that Hermes used to guide the souls of the dead to the underworld.
Talaria - Talaria were winged sandals that allowed Hermes to travel quickly and freely across great distances. They were said to have been made by the god Hephaestus, and were a symbol of Hermes' speed and agility.
Petasos - The petasos was a wide-brimmed hat worn by travelers and messengers in ancient Greece. Hermes was often depicted wearing a petasos, as it was a symbol of his role as a messenger and guide.
Moneybag - Hermes was the god of commerce and often associated with wealth and abundance. As a result, he was sometimes depicted carrying a moneybag or purse.
Lyre - The lyre was a musical instrument with strings that was associated with Apollo, the god of music. However, Hermes was also said to have invented the instrument and was sometimes depicted playing it.
Winged Chariot - In some depictions, Hermes was shown riding in a chariot pulled by winged horses. This symbolized his ability to travel quickly and his role as a messenger of the gods.
Herm - A herm is a square pillar with a bust or head on the top, often used as a boundary marker or to mark the entrance to a property. Hermes was sometimes depicted as the head on the top of the herm, which represented his role as a guide and protector.

monsters and creatures -
Argus -  was a giant with a hundred eyes, whom Hermes killed while he was guarding Io, one of Zeus's lovers who was transformed into a cow.
Ceryneian Hind - In one of his labors, the hero Heracles was tasked with capturing the Ceryneian Hind, a sacred deer with golden antlers that was sacred to Artemis. Hermes is said to have helped Heracles by leading him to the deer.
Charybdis - According to some sources, Hermes was the father of Charybdis, a sea monster in Greek mythology that was believed to create whirlpools that could swallow entire ships.
Pan - Pan was a half-man, half-goat creature in Greek mythology who was the god of shepherds and flocks. He was often depicted with Hermes, who was his close companion and mentor.
Satyrs - Satyrs were creatures with human-like upper bodies and goat-like lower bodies. They were often depicted as followers of Dionysus, the god of wine, but were also associated with Hermes, who was said to have a playful and mischievous nature similar to theirs.
Sirens - In some myths, Hermes was said to have given the Sirens their enchanting voices, which they used to lure sailors to their deaths with their songs.
Typhon - Typhon was a monstrous creature in Greek mythology who was said to have been born from Gaia, the goddess of the earth. In some versions of the myth, Hermes played a role in helping Zeus defeat Typhon.

heroes -
Perseus - Perseus was a hero in Greek mythology who is famous for killing the Gorgon Medusa. According to some versions of the myth, Hermes gave Perseus a pair of winged sandals to help him in his quest.
Odysseus - Odysseus was a hero in Greek mythology who is best known for his ten-year journey home after the Trojan War. Hermes played a key role in helping Odysseus on several occasions, including guiding him to the underworld to speak with the spirit of the prophet Tiresias.
Autolycus - Autolycus was a skilled thief in Greek mythology who was said to have been taught the art of theft by Hermes himself.
Heracles - Heracles, also known as Hercules, was a hero in Greek mythology who was famous for his incredible strength and his twelve labors. Hermes played a role in several of these labors, including guiding Heracles to the Ceryneian Hind and helping him capture the Erymanthian Boar.
Jason - Jason was the leader of the Argonauts, a group of heroes who went on a quest to find the Golden Fleece. Hermes helped Jason and the Argonauts on several occasions, including guiding them through dangerous waters and helping them defeat the dragon that guarded the fleece.
Atalanta - Atalanta was a fierce huntress in Greek mythology who was known for her incredible speed and skill with a bow. Hermes is said to have been impressed with her and helped her win a race against a suitor who wanted to marry her.
Orpheus - Orpheus was a legendary musician and poet in Greek mythology who was said to have been able to charm even the gods with his music. Hermes helped Orpheus on his journey to the underworld to rescue his wife Eurydice, guiding him through the dangers of the underworld and back to the world of the living.

https://greektraveltellers.com/blog/the-greek-gods

Here is a more exhaustive list of Greek gods and goddesses:
Aether - Primordial god of the upper atmosphere
Ananke - Primordial goddess of inevitability, necessity, and compulsion
Chronos - Primordial god of time
Erebus - Primordial god of darkness
Eros - God of love and desire
Gaia - Primordial goddess of the earth
Hemera - Primordial goddess of the day
Nyx - Primordial goddess of the night
Ouranos - Primordial god of the sky
Pontus - Primordial god of the sea
Tartarus - Primordial god of the underworld
Thalassa - Primordial goddess of the sea
Akhlys - Goddess of misery and poison
Alastor - God of curses and avenging spirits
Apate - Goddess of deceit
Aphaea - Goddess of agriculture, fertility, and childbirth
Apollon - God of the sun, music, poetry, prophecy, healing, and more
Ares - God of war and bloodlust
Aristaeus - God of beekeeping, cheese-making, and hunting
Artemis - Goddess of the moon, hunting, childbirth, and more
Asclepius - God of medicine and healing
Astraeus - God of the stars and planets
Atlas - Titan god of endurance and astronomy
Bia - Goddess of force and violence
Britomartis - Goddess of hunting, fishing, and nets
Chaos - Primordial god of the void
Charon - Ferryman of the dead
Chronos - Titan god of time
Circe - Goddess of magic and witchcraft
Coeus - Titan god of intelligence and farsight
Cronus - Titan god of agriculture and father of the Olympian gods
Dike - Goddess of justice
Dionysus - God of wine, parties, and ecstasy
Eileithyia - Goddess of childbirth and midwifery
Enyo - Goddess of war and destruction
Epimetheus - Titan god of afterthought and excuses
Eris - Goddess of strife and discord
Eros - God of love and desire
Eurybia - Goddess of the sea
Euterpe - Muse of music and lyric poetry
Gaea - Primordial goddess of the earth

Harmonia - Goddess of harmony and concord
Hebe - Goddess of youth and cupbearer of the gods
Hecate - Goddess of magic, witchcraft, and crossroads
Helios - God of the sun
Hephaestus - God of fire and metalworking
Hera - Queen of the gods, goddess of marriage and childbirth
Heracles - God of strength and heroes
Hermes - God of commerce, thieves, and travelers
Hestia - Goddess of the hearth and home
Horae - Goddesses of the seasons and time
Hyperion - Titan god of heavenly light
Hypnos - God of sleep and dreams
Iapetus - Titan god of mortal life and death
Iris - Goddess of the rainbow and messenger of the gods
Keres - Goddesses of violent death and doom
Khaos - Primordial goddess of the void


more
Klotho - One of the three Moirai or Fates, responsible for spinning the thread of life
Koios - Titan god of intelligence and farsight
Kratos - God of strength and power
Kronos - Titan god of time
Leto - Goddess of motherhood and mother of Artemis and Apollo
Lelantos - God of the air and hunting
Limos - Goddess of hunger and starvation
Lyssa - Goddess of rage and insanity
Melpomene - Muse of tragedy and choral poetry
Metis - Titaness of wisdom and cunning
Mnemosyne - Titaness of memory
Momus - God of satire and mockery
Morpheus - God of dreams
Nemesis - Goddess of retribution and vengeance
Nike - Goddess of victory
Notus - God of the south wind
Nereus - God of the sea and prophecy
Oceanus - Titan god of the ocean
Ophion - Titan god of serpents and ruler of the universe before the Titans
Pan - God of the wild, nature, and shepherds
Persephone - Queen of the underworld and goddess of springtime and vegetation
Phanes - God of procreation and the universe's creation
Pheme - Goddess of gossip and rumor
Phobos - God of fear and panic
Phoebe - Titaness of the moon and prophecy
Polyhymnia - Muse of sacred poetry and hymns
Pontus - Primordial god of the sea
Prometheus - Titan god of forethought and creator of mankind
Rhea - Titaness of fertility and motherhood
Selene - Goddess of the moon
Styx - Goddess of the river that separated the living world from the underworld
Tethys - Titaness of the sea and mother of rivers
Thanatos - God of death
Thalia - Muse of comedy and idyllic poetry
Theia - Titaness of sight and heavenly light
Themis - Titaness of divine law and order
Tyche - Goddess of fortune and chance
Uranus - Primordial god of the sky and father of the Titans
Zelos - God of rivalry and competition
Zephyrus - God of the west wind

This list includes many of the major and minor gods and goddesses in Greek mythology. However, there were many other g
ere are some additional Greek gods and creatures:
Aether - Primordial god of the upper atmosphere
Alastor - God of family feuds and revenge
Aristaeus - God of beekeeping, cheese making, and hunting
Asclepius - God of medicine and healing
Bia - Titaness of force and power
Chaos - Primordial god of the universe's creation
Chronos - God of time (distinct from Kronos)
Circe - Goddess of magic and sorcery
Deimos - God of terror and dread
Dionysus - God of wine, festivity, and theatre
Echidna - Monster and mother of many famous monsters, including the Chimera and the Hydra
Eileithyia - Goddess of childbirth and labor pains
Eris - Goddess of discord and strife
Eros - God of love and desire
Erebus - Primordial god of darkness
Eurydice - Nymph and wife of Orpheus, who died and descended to the underworld
Geras - God of old age
Hecate - Goddess of witchcraft, magic, and crossroads
Helios - God of the sun
Hemera - Primordial goddess of daylight
Hesperides - Nymphs who guarded the golden apples of the gods
Hestia - Goddess of the hearth, home, and family
Hydra - Multi-headed serpent monster
Hypnos - God of sleep
Iapetus - Titan god of mortality and death
Iris - Goddess of the rainbow and messenger of the gods
Keres - Goddesses of violent death and slaughter
Khione - Goddess of snow
Kottos - One of the three Hecatonchires or hundred-handed giants
Ladon - Dragon who guarded the golden apples of the gods
Lares - Household gods who protected and brought prosperity to the family
Lernaean Hydra - Serpent monster with regenerating heads
Lycanthropy - Transformation of a human into a wolf
Melinoe - Goddess of ghosts and the underworld
Nemean Lion - Invulnerable lion monster
Nyx - Primordial goddess of the night
Orpheus - Musician and poet who descended to the underworld to retrieve his wife, Eurydice
Panacea - Goddess of universal remedy
Pegasus - Winged horse
Perseus - Hero who slew the Gorgon Medusa and rescued Andromeda
Phorcys - Sea god and father of monsters
Proteus - Shapeshifting sea god and prophetic old man of the sea
Scylla - Sea monster with many heads and tentacles
Siren - Sea creature whose singing lured sailors to their deaths
Sphinx - Creature with the head of a woman and the body of a lion, who posed riddles to travelers
Tartarus - Primordial god of the deepest, darkest part of the underworld
Tisiphone - One of the Furies, goddesses of vengeance and retribution
Triton - Sea god and messenger of the sea
Urania - Muse of astronomy and astrology
Zelus - God of dedication and zeal.
ere is an exhaustive list of Greek creatures and monsters:
Aeternae - A creature with a human face and the body of a lion.
Aloadae - Twin giants who attempted to storm Mount Olympus by piling mountains on top of each other.
Amphisbaena - A serpent with a head at each end.
Arachne - A mortal weaver who boasted that she was better than Athena and was transformed into a spider as punishment.
Aspis - A giant snake that was said to be the protector of the oracle of Delphi.
Basilisk - A serpent or dragon with the power to kill with a single glance.
Cacus - A fire-breathing giant who lived in a cave on the Aventine Hill in Italy.
Campe - A she-dragon with the torso of a woman, the tail of a scorpion, and a hundred arms.
Catoblepas - A creature with the head of a boar and the body of a buffalo, whose gaze was said to be deadly.
Cercopes - Mischievous dwarfs who would play pranks on travelers.
Cerberus - A three-headed dog who guarded the entrance to the underworld.
Centaur - A creature with the upper body of a human and the lower body of a horse.
Ceryneian Hind - A sacred deer with golden antlers and hooves of bronze.
Charybdis - A sea monster who created whirlpools that could swallow ships.
Chimera - A creature with the head of a lion, the body of a goat, and the tail of a serpent.
Chrysaor - A giant with a sword of gold who was born from the blood of Medusa.
Circe - A sorceress who turned Odysseus' men into pigs.
Cretan Bull - A bull that was captured by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Crommyonian Sow - A giant wild boar that was killed by Theseus.
Cyclops - A giant with a single eye in the middle of its forehead.
Delphyne - A she-dragon who guarded the oracle of Delphi.
Echidna - A half-woman, half-serpent creature who gave birth to many monsters.
Empusa - A shape-shifting demon or spirit that fed on human blood and flesh.
Erinyes (Furies) - Goddesses of vengeance who punished wrongdoers.
Gorgon - A monstrous creature with hair made of snakes and the ability to turn people to stone with its gaze.
Graeae - Three sisters who shared one eye and one tooth among them.
Harpy - A creature with the body of a bird and the head of a woman.
Hecatonchires - Giants with one hundred arms and fifty heads.
Hippalectryon - A creature with the head and forelegs of a horse and the tail and hindquarters of a rooster.
Hippocampus - A creature with the upper body of a horse and the lower body of a fish.
Hydra - A serpent monster with multiple heads that grew back when cut off.
Ladon - A serpent with a hundred heads that guarded the golden apples in the Garden of the Hesperides.
Lamia - A female demon who preyed on children.
Laestrygonians - A tribe of man-eating giants.
Lernaean Hydra - A serpent monster with nine heads that was killed by Heracles as one of his Labours.




more
Manticore - A creature with the body of a lion, the tail of a scorpion, and the face of a human.
Medusa - A gorgon with hair made of snakes whose gaze turned people to stone.
Minotaur - A creature with the head of a bull and the body of a man.
Nemean Lion - A fierce lion with impenetrable skin that was killed by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Nereid - A sea nymph who was one of the fifty daughters of Nereus.
Ophiotaurus - A creature with the head of a bull and the body of a serpent.
Pegasus - A winged horse.
Phoenix - A bird that was said to be reborn from its own ashes.
Polyphemus - A cyclops who was blinded by Odysseus.
Python - A serpent or dragon who was slain by Apollo.
Scylla - A sea monster with six heads and twelve tentacle legs.
Siren - A creature with the head of a woman and the body of a bird who lured sailors to their deaths with their song.
Sphinx - A creature with the head of a woman and the body of a lion who posed a riddle to travelers.
Stymphalian Birds - Man-eating birds with bronze beaks and metal feathers that were killed by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Talos - A giant automaton made of bronze who protected the island of Crete.
Teumessian Fox - A giant fox that was destined never to be caught.
Titans - A race of powerful beings who ruled the universe before the Olympian gods.
Typhon - A giant with a hundred heads and serpent legs who challenged Zeus for control of the universe.
Unicorn - A horse-like creature with a single horn on its forehead.
Vulture - A bird that was said to be sacred to the god Apollo.
Xanthus - A talking horse that was owned by Achilles.
Yales - A creature with the body of a deer, the head of a lion, and the tusks of a boar.
Zephyrus - The god of the west wind who was often depicted as a handsome young man.
Chimera - A fire-breathing monster with the head of a lion, the body of a goat, and the tail of a serpent.
Cyclops - A race of one-eyed giants who were skilled blacksmiths and helped Zeus in his battles.
Empusa - A shape-shifting female demon who feasted on the blood of young men.
Erymanthian Boar - A giant boar that was hunted and captured by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Gorgons - Three sisters with snakes for hair whose gaze could turn people to stone.
Harpies - Winged creatures with the head of a woman and the body of a bird who stole food from their victims.
Hecatonchires - Three giants with a hundred hands and fifty heads who helped Zeus in his battles.
Hippocampus - A creature with the upper body of a horse and the lower body of a fish.
Laestrygonians - A race of cannibalistic giants who attacked Odysseus and his crew.
Minyades - Three sisters who were punished for disrespecting the god Dionysus by being forced to fill a bottomless vessel with water.
Orthrus - A two-headed dog who guarded the cattle of Geryon.
Satyrs - Half-man, half-goat creatures who were known for their love of wine and women.
Telchines - A group of sea spirits who were skilled craftsmen and known for their magical abilities.
Triton - A sea god who was half-human and half-fish, and often depicted as a merman with a conch shell trumpet.
Trolls - Mythical creatures with a reputation for being slow-witted and ugly, often associated with living in caves or mountains.
Empusa - A shape-shifting female demon who feasted on the blood of young men.
Sure! Here are some more Greek creatures and monsters not included in the previous lists:
Aloadae - Twin giants who attempted to climb Mount Olympus and overthrow the gods.
Alseids - Woodland nymphs who protected the trees and animals of the forest.
Antaeus - A giant who was invincible as long as he remained in contact with the ground.
Arachne - A skilled weaver who challenged the goddess Athena to a weaving contest and was turned into a spider as punishment.
Cacus - A fire-breathing giant who stole cattle from Hercules.
Charon - The ferryman of the underworld who carried souls across the river Styx to the afterlife.
Charybdis - A sea monster who created a deadly whirlpool that sucked in ships.
Ceryneian Hind - A golden-horned deer that was captured by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Cerberus - A three-headed dog who guarded the entrance to the underworld.
Chimaera - A monstrous creature with the head of a lion, the body of a goat, and the tail of a serpent.
Circe - A sorceress who turned Odysseus' crew into pigs.
Cretan Bull - A giant bull that was captured by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Crommyonian Sow - A giant pig that was hunted by Theseus.
Dryads - Tree nymphs who protected the forests and trees.
Echidna - A half-woman, half-snake monster who gave birth to many other Greek monsters.
Euryale - One of the three Gorgon sisters, with snakes for hair and a gaze that turned people to stone.
Furies - Three female spirits who punished those who committed crimes, especially against family members.
Geryon - A giant with three heads and six arms who guarded a herd of red cattle.
Giants - A race of enormous humanoid beings who were eventually defeated by the gods.
Hecate - The goddess of witchcraft, magic, and the moon, often depicted as a triple-headed figure.
Hesperides - Three nymphs who guarded the golden apples of immortality.
Hydra - A many-headed serpent who grew two heads for every one that was cut off.
Icarus - The son of the inventor Daedalus, who flew too close to the sun and fell to his death.
Ladon - A dragon who guarded the golden apples of the Hesperides.
Maenads - Female followers of the god Dionysus who were known for their wild, drunken behavior.
Minotaur - A creature with the head of a bull and the body of a man, kept in a labyrinth on Crete.
Naiads - Freshwater nymphs who protected rivers, lakes, and springs.
Nemean Lion - A giant lion with impenetrable fur, which was killed by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Oceanids - Nymphs of the sea who were the daughters of Oceanus and Tethys.
Pegasus - A winged horse that was born from the blood of Medusa after she was beheaded.
Phoenix - A mythical bird that was said to be reborn from its own ashes.
Satyrs - Creatures who were part-human, part-goat, and were followers of the god Dionysus.
Scylla - A sea monster with multiple heads and arms, who terrorized sailors.
Sirens - Beautiful creatures with the upper body of a woman and the lower body of a bird, who lured sailors to their death with their singing.
Sphinx - A creature with the head of a woman, the body of a lion, and the wings of a bird, who asked riddles and devoured those who could not solve them.
Telkhines - Sea-demons who were skilled metalworkers and sorcerers.
Typhon - A monstrous creature with a hundred heads and a serpentine body, who challenged the gods for control of the universe.
Harpies - Winged creatures with the body of a bird and the face of a woman, who were sent by the gods to punish those who broke oaths or committed crimes.
Empusa - A demonic creature with one leg of a donkey and one leg of brass, who preyed on men and sucked their blood.
Hippocampus - A creature with the upper body of a horse and the lower body of a fish, often depicted as a sea-horse.
Keres - Female death-spirits who were the daughters of the goddess Nyx.
Laestrygonians - A race of giant cannibals who lived on an island and attacked Odysseus and his crew.
Lamia - A monstrous creature with the upper body of a woman and the lower body of a serpent, who preyed on children.
Empousai - Female shape-shifting demons who were followers of the goddess Hecate.
Erinyes (Furies) - Three goddesses of vengeance who punished those who had committed heinous crimes, particularly against family members.
Gorgons - Three sisters with snakes for hair, whose gaze could turn people to stone. The most famous of the Gorgons was Medusa.
Hecatoncheires - Three giants with one hundred arms and fifty heads each, who helped the gods overthrow the Titans.
Keres - Female death-spirits who were the daughters of the goddess Nyx.
Kheiron - A centaur who was known for his wisdom and knowledge of medicine.
Kraken - A sea monster with tentacles that could sink entire ships.
Makhai - Spirits of battle and combat.
Mormo - A female creature with wings, who frightened children.
Nereids - Sea nymphs who were the daughters of the god Nereus and the Oceanid Doris.
Orthrus - A two-headed dog who guarded the cattle of the giant Geryon.
Stymphalian Birds - Man-eating birds with bronze beaks and wings that shot razor-sharp feathers.
Talaria - Winged sandals worn by the god Hermes.
Tartarus - The deepest, darkest part of the Underworld, where the Titans were imprisoned.
Titans - A group of powerful deities who ruled the world before the Olympian gods.
orld.
Chimera - A fire-breathing creature with the head of a lion, the body of a goat, and the tail of a serpent.
Echidna - A half-woman, half-serpent creature who was the mate of the monster Typhon and mother of many other monsters.
Hekatonkheires - Three giant creatures with fifty heads and one hundred arms each, who fought against the Titans and helped the Olympians in their battle for supremacy.
Hydra - A many-headed serpent-like creature that grew two heads for every one that was cut off.
Ladon - A hundred-headed dragon who guarded the golden apples in the Garden of the Hesperides.
Manticore - A creature with the body of a lion, the tail of a scorpion, and the face of a man.
Nemean Lion - A giant lion with impenetrable fur, which was killed by Heracles as one of his Labours.
Sphinx - A creature with the head of a woman, the body of a lion, and the wings of a bird, who asked riddles and devoured those who could not solve them.
Styx - The river that separated the world of the living from the Underworld, and whose waters granted invincibility to those who were dipped in it.
Tantalus - A mortal who was punished in the afterlife by being forever unable to reach the food and drink that were always just out of his reach.
Thanatos - The god of death, who presided over the peaceful death of mortals.
Triton - A sea god who was the son of Poseidon and Amphitrite, and who was often depicted as a merman with a conch shell trumpet.
Argus Panoptes - A giant with a hundred eyes, who was assigned by the goddess Hera to guard the cow Io.
Arion - A mythical horse that could speak and was known for its speed and beauty.
Charybdis - A sea monster in the form of a giant whirlpool, who was said to be located opposite the monster Scylla.
Cretan Bull - A giant bull that Heracles captured as one of his Labours.
Cyclopes - One-eyed giants who were either friendly or hostile to humans, depending on the myth.
Erymanthian Boar - A giant, fierce boar that Heracles captured as one of his Labours.
Harpies - Creatures with the head of a woman and the body of a bird, who were often depicted as carrying off people or things.
Hippalectryon - A creature with the forequarters of a horse and the hindquarters of a rooster.
Karkinos - A giant crab that fought against Heracles as one of his Labours.
Ladon - A dragon-like creature with a hundred heads, who was said to guard the golden apples in the Garden of the Hesperides.
Minotaur - A creature with the head of a bull and the body of a man, who lived in a labyrinth on the island of Crete.
Python - A giant serpent-like creature that was slain by the god Apollo.
Scylla - A sea monster with six heads, who was said to inhabit a rock opposite the whirlpool Charybdis.
Sirens - Beautiful creatures with the head of a woman and the body of a bird, who lured sailors to their death with their enchanting singing.
Sphinx - A creature with the head of a woman, the body of a lion, and the wings of a bird, who asked riddles and devoured those who could not solve them.
